h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 2 версия\Projects\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\bin\Release\CEGSA_Client.exe
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 2 версия\Projects\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\bin\Release\CEGSA_Client.pdb
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 2 версия\Projects\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 2 версия\Projects\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CESGA_Client.frmAbout.resources
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 2 версия\Projects\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CESGA_Client.frmBase.resources
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 2 версия\Projects\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CESGA_Client.frmChooseKey.resources
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 2 версия\Projects\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CEGSA_Client.Properties.Resources.resources
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 2 версия\Projects\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 2 версия\Projects\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 2 версия\Projects\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CEGSA_Client.exe
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 2 версия\Projects\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CEGSA_Client.pdb
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 3 версия\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CEGSA_Client.exe
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 3 версия\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CEGSA_Client.pdb
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 3 версия\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\bin\Release\CEGSA_Client.exe
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 3 версия\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\bin\Release\CEGSA_Client.pdb
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 3 версия\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 3 версия\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CESGA_Client.frmAbout.resources
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 3 версия\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CESGA_Client.frmBase.resources
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 3 версия\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CESGA_Client.frmChooseKey.resources
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 3 версия\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\CEGSA_Client.Properties.Resources.resources
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 3 версия\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
h:\ТРТУ\ДИПЛОМ\ТАНЯ\Программа 3 версия\CESGA_Client\CSEGA_Client\obj\x86\Release\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
